1- Tell me about your self

Core Java- 
1- How Many types of classloader is there in java.
2- JVM Architecture
3- How the Garbage Collection works, how the java manages the memory internally. 
4- Difference Between JDK, JRE, and JVM
5- Solid Principal 

6- Internal working of HashMap, How the hashCode and equal method help in HashMap 
7- We have override hashCode and equal method for employee object and in hashCode we are always retrun 1. Now i am inserting 5 element in the hashmap object then what will be the size
   What imapact will be ther if we do not override hashCode() but override equals() method, and in opposite scenario if we override hashcode and does not override equals().  
8- How does the hash map put and get method work. 

8- What is the Singeleton DP, write a program with all scenario, how do you test that singleton class that you have created is singleton class only. 
9- WAP to make an Employee class immutable.
10- Let's say we have one class with two variable(name, age) and one variable of class type let's say Engine class type then how will you make this class immutable? 
11- What is the difference between fail fast and fail safe, what kind of collection is fail fast and fail safe? 
10- WAP to count the number of given character in the string(My Country is India) using java-8 
11- I have one array list having element 1 to 15, then using java find the number of mulple of 5. 

Exception Handaling: 
1- Let's say we have two class parent and child, and there we have got nullpointer exception in the child class then code will compile or not. 
2- Let's we have two overloded method calculate(Integer i) and calculate(String i). Now when we call the method with null parameter like calculate(null) then what will happen. 
3- Herriachy of exception

Aggrigation and Composition: 

*- What is the difference between Aggrigation and Composition. Is both have HAS-A relationship. Write a code for composition and aggrigation. 
*- Which is more stronger in compare to inharitance and composition. 
*- How many type of relationship we have in java . 1- IS-A relationship ex: Inheritance 2- HAS-A relationship (Aggrigation & Composition) 
Example of IS-A Relationship (Inharitance)- Car IS-A Vehicle.
Example of Aggrigation(HAS-A Relationship) - Employee HAS-A Address, so here if we remove main class Employee class then Address class will still be exist. 
Example of Composition(HAS-A Relationship) - Company Or College has several dept. If remove Main class College then all the dept classes also will be removed. 

Spring Boot: 
1- What is spring profile, how dow you create profile in the spring boot? 
2- How we can exclude few autoconfiguration from the spring boot? 
3- How you are managing security in your spring boot application. 
4- What is dependency injection, how we can achieve the dependecny injection, how many type of autowireing is ther? 
5- What is the use @Primary annotation in spring 

Question on Kafka: 
1- How do you configure Kafka (Consumer and producer) in your application? 
2- Can we send empty message to Kafka? 





